## Project Aim
The aim of the project is to develop a custom website for a small amateur theatre group along with a web portal to help them share resources and information needed when putting on a show. 

The website will have a few custom features that aren't found in off the shelf CMS alternatives including a section for a Past Shows Archive, automatically updating announcements on the Home page and on the Auditions page and photo galleries that fetch the images from the groups Google Photos account.

The Past Shows Archive will function similarly to the likes of IMDb with the ability to see shows that a particular person has been involved with along with the details of any past show including when it was put on, genre and author along with the full cast and crew lists taken from the programmes. 

The photo galleries will also be included within the Past Shows Archive. The main function of this will be collating the photo information for each show from Google Photos and storing it in a way that the front-end gallery element can use to display them. The actual gallery element will display the photos in an easily accessible way whilst not taking too long to load in. 

The Home and Auditions pages will need to be capable of automatically updating their content as a new public update is posted regarding an upcoming show. The Auditions page will only ever show the most recent post that is specifically tagged as being about an auditions event whilst the Home page will always show the most recent public announcement (including auditions) about the next show to be performed.

The Web Portal side of the project will handle anything that the theatre group needs to be kept private and only accessible to their members including show updates, file sharing, updating the details of a show, adding photos to the gallery and updating the groups blog.

The show updates and file sharing features will have a page for each show where any and all updates will be shown in a feed of posts alongside a section with all the shared files. These pages will only be updatable by the director and producers for a particular show or anyone with the site admin role.

The blog posting feature of the site will also be a restricted feature, accessible to only those who have an "author" or "admin" role associated with their user account. 

All the aforementioned features should only be available to the theatre groups member who have signed in to the website and have at least the required permission level for each of the features.

## Intended Users
The project will have 5 main user roles.

### Public Site Visitor
This user class encompasses any member of the public who is visiting the website looking for updates on upcoming shows, reading the blog or looking through the show archives. This user class will not need to be authenticated with the site.

Available Features:
* Browse the site for updates.
* Read the blog.
* Look through the past shows archive.

### Theatre Group Member
This user class includes anyone involved in the theatre group. This is the first user class to be required to authenticate to access certain features.

Available Features:
* Anything from previous classes.
* See Private type updates from within the web portal.
* Access files in the shared area for each show.
* Update their user profile that is shown in the past shows archive.

### Show Director/Producer
The members involved in the running of a specific show and allows them access to share resources via file upload and publishing announcements to the web portal and the public website. This permission level is flagged using the crew list associated with each show and is specific to the show in the web portal (i.e. a director or producer for one show does not gain the permission to make changes to another show that they aren't director or producer for).

Available Features:
* Anything from previous classes.
* Upload documents to shared area (e.g. scripts, choreography videos, music 
  files).
* Post private announcements that can only be seen by logged in members.
* Post public announcements about their upcoming show.

### Blog Writer
Another user class is used to restrict access to the blog writing side to a specific "author" role in the web portal. 

Available Features:
* Anything from the Theatre Group Member class.
* Access to the blog writing dashboard, and editing and publishing tools.

### Webmaster/Admin
This user class is assigned to those responsible for the websites maintenance and includes admin level access to certain functions involved in deploying, updating and maintaining the website.

Available Features:
* Has admin access to every feature on the site.
* Update site settings including title, about us page and social media links.
* Generate sign-up links for each member of the theatre group to prevent
unauthorised sign-ups.


## the scope of the project,
NOTE TO SELF: not sure what to put here nor if section is required
    
## Project Approach
   The approach used for developing this project is described as "Incremental". https://uwaterloo.ca/ist-project-management-office/methodologies/project-and-development-approaches
   
   This approach allows for a focus on one feature at a time until all the features have been built. By ordering the features in order of priority, it allows the project to be at the highest level of functionality at the end of the limited project timescale with only minor features or niceties missing.
	
	
## Assumptions
One of the assumptions made for this project is the technical ability of the theatre groups members. The nature of the project assumes that they are able to navigate a website that uses login forms and are able to intuit how to navigate the web portal. The project won't be designed in a confusing manner however some level of competence must be assumed in order to focus on the functionality instead of having to build in instructional elements into the web portal front-end.

Another assumption that has been made is that the members of the theatre group who will be creating announcements and blog posts will be able to use Markdown for formatting any text content they create. The project will utilise some form of graphical element for entering the markdown styled content which will have buttons for creating the formatting in a similar style to that of a traditional word processor which will reduce the learning curve.

## Outcome Summary
### Project Architecture
The project will consist of a website front end and back end which will be deployed on a Linux based server along with a database to store everything in. The website will have a usable front end with clearly defined buttons for navigation and properly designed layouts for both desktop and mobile browsers. The sites look will take into account and address any accessibility issues that may come up and make sure that it is usable by as many people as possible.

The web-portal should be clearly laid out in a manner that is intuitive to anyone familiar with using the internet and provide all the features that are needed by the client.

### Feature List
* Public and Private show updates / announcements
* Blog with editor and Word document upload
* Archive of all past shows with photos loaded from Google Photos
* Web Portal for access control
* Shared files with restricted upload in an area for each show.
* Member profile for each user that can be updated by them in the web portal
* Admin-only site settings including title, about us page and social media links.
* Invitation only sign up system to prevent unauthorised access.