## Results
### Measurable Results
One of the measurable aims of the project was to reduce the webpage loading times compared to the clients previous solution. The statistics that follow were generated from desktop based tests however similar differences between the two solutions do occur on mobile tests as well and the full table of results can be found below.

The previous WordPress based system would take over 700ms for the first byte of data to make it to the browser which creates a significant lack of responsiveness when browsing the site. In the new solution, the server responds with the first byte in under 100ms which results in a much faster feeling site. 

### Project Objectives
One of the most ambitious parts of the project was creating a Show Archives feature similar to IMDb. The functionality of this feature was successfully implemented and is capable of showing all the shows from the database, the cast and crew members involved in each show and the photos taken for each show. The cast and crew lists for each show also provide links to a page for each member that will list all the shows they have been credited in.

Another very ambitious goal of the project was the resurrection of the discontinued Picasa galleries that the client used to display their images up to 2016. Interfacing with the Google Photos API for collecting and loading the images was quite a challenge but as displaying images is one of the most important features for a theatre groups website as it helps show what their performances look like and can contribute to selling more tickets. The final implementation of the API interaction has shown to be completely stable across multiple networks (Residential broadband, Mobile data and Business internet connections) and doesn't stop working after a fixed period.
The gallery element itself was also a resounding success with cross-device compatibility, working on desktop and mobile, and appears to load the images instantly across those devices. One aspect of the gallery that should be improved in the future is a full screen view to help make the photos easier to see, especially on mobile where the displays are small enough that some users may struggle to fully enjoy it. 

Due to the limited timescale of this project, some areas of the site are have less polished styling than would be desired in a fully finished version however, as the functionality has been completed for those areas, writing the style rules is more of a nice to have and can be assigned as future work. 