## Consolidation of Similar Database Tables
During the report writing, it was noticed that the *BlogPost* and the announcement *Post* tables had very similar fields which makes them an ideal candidate for consolidating into one table. This is not just as simple as copying all the data from one into another however, as every database query in the backend of the website that refers to either of these table would need to be updated to make sure that no blog posts start appearing in places where only announcement posts are supposed to and vice versa. This issue has shown that more planning of the database tables should have taken place in the lead up to the actual development of features as the "Incremental" approach taken to this project has led to the segmentation of code that makes each feature work.

## Full Screen Photo Gallery
One issue identified during testing was the small size of the photos within the gallery, particularly when viewed on smaller mobile devices. The best way to address this issue is to implement a full screen gallery mode that can be activated on click or tap such that the images take up as much space as they can. In the meantime, the solution is to just zoom in but the full screen mode would certainly help a lot of end users.

## General Styling of the Web Portal
One of the areas that got overlooked during the limited timescale of the project was the styling of certain pages, particularly the pages restricted behind the web portal as the functionality of those pages was prioritised. The future work for this section is to clean up the formatting of the various sections as well as make sure it is all optimised for mobile as the theatre group will likely need to be able to access these pages on their phones during a rehearsal. Another example of a styling that should be added is the presence of thumbnails in drop down menus that are selecting either a particular show or an album from Google Photos.

## Any New Requested Features
In the past, the theatre group have had custom-built features, including a drawing contest with submission form, embedded into their existing WordPress site however those features were often prone to failure and lacked the consistent feel of the rest of the site. With a fully custom solution handling their entire website, they can request new custom features to be added which will fit much easier within the style and flow of the new site.

## Fully Open Sourcing The Solution
Another goal of the project is to have the full solution available to the public as an open-source program that can be deployed by any other small AmDram group and used for their own website and web portal. To facilitate this, the project needs to be fully separated from the clients name and branding such that the open-source version only needs a few database variables populated to make the site their own.