## Learning OAuth
One of the biggest transferable technical skills that I learnt during this project was how connecting an application to OAuth for authenticating a user with their login credentials for a third party service. 
OAuth is becoming one of the most prevalent technologies on the web as it allows for one application to be granted access to aspects of a users account on another service or as an alternative sign in method so a user can log in with their Google or Facebook account. 
The actual process of authenticating with an OAuth server is not the most intuitive and takes quite a bit of reading, testing and thinking in order to wrap ones head around the process and to fully understand it. However, once that understanding has been found, it is comparatively easy to apply the same methods to another services OAuth implementation as the actual steps involved are usually the same.

## Working with a Real World Client
One of the most beneficial skills from working on this project was the experience of developing for a real client. Actually working with a client involves working through what their expectations of the project are, which of those initial aims are actually technically feasible and then whittling those down to the final list of requirements for the site. 
This skill is directly applicable to working with any other client in the future and has provided valuable experience which will help in any future projects for other clients.

## Timescales
One of the biggest changes in skill level across the duration of this project was in the ability to judge the time that implementing a specific feature or change will take. Prior to working on this project, estimating the required time to complete a task was a bit of a challenge and often resulted in under-quoting the length of time. As the project progressed, the accuracy of the estimates improved but the overall project scope was still larger than the allotted module duration which meant that some aspects had to be cut back on or dropped altogether.